fix safari sidebar overflow (#29595)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/real-sheep-chew.md

---

> '@backstage/core-components': minor
> ---
> 
> Fix the hidden sidebar's submenu when the sidebar is scrollable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/core-components': patch
---

Fix the hidden sidebar's sub-menu when the sidebar is scrollable
```
